Template for adding a new model (#21)
mmcdermott/MEDS-DEV: src/MEDS_DEV/templates/model.md

# \[New model\] \*\*Add your model name here\*\*

> \[!Warning\]
> MEDS-DEV currently only supports binary classification tasks and therefore only accepts binary
> classification models for now.

> ## Description
> 
> Add a brief description of your model, including the details of its design and its intended purpose
> (what sorts of tasks is it designed for).

Author: ```suggestion
## Description

Provide a brief description of your model, including:

- Model architecture and key components
- Intended purpose and target tasks
- Any notable features or innovations
- Limitations or constraints

## Computational Requirements

Provide information about the computational requirements of your model, including:

- Hardware specifications used during testing (e.g., GPU type, memory)
- Computational resources required for training and inference
- Performance characteristics (e.g., training speed)
```
